# Coursera_Capstone

BUSINESS UNDERSTANDING

Car accidents cause still too many deaths. 90 die every day in the U.S. from vehicle accidents. More than 6 million car accidents occur each year. According to the NHTSA, about 6% of all motor vehicle accidents in the United States result in at least one death. 3 million drivers suffer injuries and 2/3 of them have permanent injuries.
In order to reduce the number of car accidents and to save lives, car accident data and machine learning can be used to give drivers a better information about the risk to have a severe car accident in a certain area and under certain conditions like weather, road and visibility. Applications like Waze, Google Maps or Tom Tom GPS Navigation Traffic could usefully display this information to the drivers when crossing the area. 
The target audience is the drivers who can travel more safely thanks to a synthetic information about past car accidents in all the areas where the risk is important (corresponding to a severe car accident). All the drivers will certainly be interested in it. Mobility services will be the intermediate target using the information and displaying it. Insurance companies and public services may be ready to invest in such a project as safer drivers involves less accident expenses for them.
The information on car accidents will be based on a model predicting the severity of road accidents under conditions. The model will be based on classification algorithms (best solution when a labelled dataset is available). For this first modelling project, the data come from the SDOT Traffic Management Division in Seattle. Once the model completed and the prediction available, it can be used in Seattle. In a further version, datasets about other cities or states and additional features can also be integrated in the model to extend covered area and the improve prevision.
